# Autobot Frontend

This repository contains the frontend application for the Autobot platform. The frontend application is built using Vue.js, tailwindcss and is designed to display and interact with data generated by the backend service, which periodically creates Autobots every hour via a cron job.

## Table of Contents

- [Project Overview](#project-overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Testing & Deployment](#testing--deployment)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Project Overview

The Autobot Frontend is designed to display real-time data from the backend service, which creates and manages Autobots—users that generate posts and comments on a social media platform. The frontend provides an interface to view the number of Autobots created, along with their posts and comments.

### Features

- **Real-time Autobot Count Dashboard**:
  - Displays the number of Autobots created by the backend.
  - Uses WebSockets or Server-Sent Events (SSE) for live updates.
- **Responsive UI**:

  - Optimized for both desktop and mobile devices.

- **Interactive Components**:
  - View and interact with posts and comments made by the Autobots.

## Installation

To set up the frontend locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/yourusername/autobot-fe.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory**:

   ```bash
   cd autobot-frontend
   ```

3. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. **Set up environment variables**:

   Create a `.env` file in the root directory and add the necessary environment variables (e.g., API base URL).

   ```bash
   VITE_BE_URL=http://localhost:3000/api
   ```

## Usage

To start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This will run the application on `http://localhost:5173`. Open it in your browser to view the app.

For a production build:

```bash
npm run build
```

To preview the production build locally:

```bash
npm run preview
```

## Configuration

- **Environment Variables**:

  - `VITE_API_BASE_URL`: Base URL for the backend API.


## Testing & Deployment

### Testing

1. **Unit and Integration Tests**: Vitest

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to improve the Autobot Frontend project! Please follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/your-feature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add your feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/your-feature`).
5. Create a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---
